Rokkyu
------
    1. What is the name of your Judo organization?
		    United States Judo Association
    2. Who was the founder of Judo?
    		Jigoro Kano
    3. What is the name of the school he founded?
    		Kodokan
    4. What is the date of the founding of Judo?
    		1882
    5. What are the two principles of Kodokan Judo as defined by Dr. Kano?
    		a. Maximum efficiency – Seiryoku Zenyo
    		b. Mutual benefit and welfare – Jita Kyoei
    6. How long have unarmed combat martial arts been practiced in Japan?
    		600-1000 years
    7. What was unarmed combat called in Japan before Judo?
    		Ju Jitsu

Gokyu
-----
    8. How many degrees are there currently in the Junior and senior Kyu rank system?
    		a. Junior – ten
    		b. Senior – six
    9. List the colors for the junior belt colors in order of color.
    		Yellow, Orange, Green, Blue, Purple
    10. Name the Japanese equivalent of the three parts of a Judo throw.
    		a. Balance – Kuzushi
    		b. Entry – Tsukuri
    		c. Execution – Kake
    11. Count to ten in Japanese
    		Ichi, Ni, San, Shi, Go, Rokyu, Shichi, Hachi, Ku, Ju
    12. Give a verbal explanation of the principal of maximum efficiency.
    13. Give a verbal explanation of the principal of mutual benefit and welfare.

Yonkyu
------
	  14. Name the three divisions of mat techniques in English and Japanese.
			  a. Holding Techniques – Osaekomi Waza
			  b. Choking Techniques – Shime Waza
			  c. Arm Bar Techniques – Kansetsu Waza
	  15. What is Kata?
			  A formal prearranged practice routine
	  16. Name the two divisions of sacrifice techniques in English and Japanese.
			  a. Back falling sacrifice techniques – Ma Sutemi Waza
			  b. Side falling sacrifice techniques – Yoko Sutemi Waza
	  17. Name the three parts of unarmed combat in Japanese.
			  a. Throwing – Nage Waza
			  b. Grappling – Katame Waza
			  c. Striking – Atemi Waza

Sankyu
------
	  18. Which Kata is considered most useful for learning throwing techniques?
			  Nage no Kata
	  19. Which Kata is considered most useful for learning grappling techniques?
			  Katame no Kata
	  20. What is the ultimate goal of judo as defined by Dr. Kano?
			  The harmonious development and eventual perfection of human character
	  21. Name the six senior kyu ranks and color belts from highest to lowest rank.
			  a. Rokyu – Yellow
			  b. Gokyu – Orange
			  c. Yonkyu – Green
			  d. Sankyu – Brown
			  e. Nikyu – Brown
			  f. Ikkyu – Brown

Nikyu
-----
	  22. What year was Women’s Judo first introduced to the summer Olympic Games?
			  1988
	  23. What year was Women’s Judo included into the summer Olympic Games as an official sport?
			  1992
	  24. Name the U.S. Women that have medaled in the Olympic Games.
			  a. Lynn Roethke – 1988/Silver
			  b. Margaret Castro – 1988/Bronze
			  c. Ronda Rousey – 2008/Bronze
			  d. Kayla Harrison – 2012/Gold, 2016/Gold
			  e. Marti Malloy – 2012/Bronze
	  25. What year was judo first introduced into the summer Olympic Games?
			  1964
	  26. Who were the four men on the first U.S. Olympic judo team?
			  a. Ben Campbell
			  b. Jim Bregman
			  c. George Harris
        d. Paul Maruyama
	  27. Which American was the first to win an Olympic medal in judo and what place did he win?
			  Jim Bregman – 3rd place (Bronze Medal)

Ikkyu
-----
	28. What is the difference between large Judo and small Judo?
			Small judo is concerned with only techniques and the building of the body. Large judo is mindful of the pursuit of the purpose of life.
	29. What are 3 of the prohibited acts that are penalized with Hansoku-make?
	30. What are 3 of the prohibited acts that are penalized with Shido?
